END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT - HEVEDY GAMES
-----------------------------------------


Last updated: 1nd January, 2020
Version: 2

In purchasing, downloading, using or playing the Software, you acknowledge that you have read and accept this agreement in its entirety, and agree to be bound by the terms therein. If you do not agree to follow these rules, then you must not buy, download, use or play the Software.

In purchasing our software, you purchase a perpetual license to install and use the software and associated materials, documents, online services, forums, and other ancillaries (henceforth collectively known as "the Software") on up to five devices you own. Hevedy retains ownership of the Software. The only permissions you have in connection in connection with the Software are the permissions laid out in this EULA.



1. DEFINITIONS

“Hevedy” means the owner of the domain Hevedy.com (and the @Hevedy nickname) created and registered by David Palacios located in Spain.

“Computer” means a virtual or physical personal electronic device that accepts information in digital or similar form and manipulates it for specific result based on a sequence of instructions.

“SOFTWARE PRODUCT or SOFTWARE” means the programs and associated media, and may include “online” or electronic documentation as well as licensed third party Content.

“Game” means the programs and associated media, and may include “online” or electronic documentation as well as licensed third party Content.

“Use” means to download, install, access, use the functionality of the Software, subject to compliance with the terms of the License.

“You” means the person, company, or organization that has licensed the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or SOFTWARE.

“LICENSE” means this end-user license agreement between you and Hevedy.



2. LICENSE GENERAL

The one key rule is that you can't distribute anything we've made unless we agree to it. This means you're not allowed to do things like:

	> Give copies of anything we've made, including the Software, to anyone else.
	> Make commercial use of anything we've made.
	> Try to make money from anything we've made in any way.
	> Let others access anything we've made in a way that is unfair or unreasonable.
	> Give away or sell license keys (you may, however, give gift codes that have been bought through an official gift code system).
	> Rip parts of our game out and distribute them.

Within reason, you are allowed to make videos of the gameplay of the Software and distribute them. You're allowed to monetize these videos as well but only if are a gameplay, review, constructive criticism, speedrun or alike videos, you can't if are linear recorded videos as-is showcasing the whole game history as sole purpose of show the complete game as a video ("All Cutscenes", "Full Movie" like).

You're also allowed to use things we've made if the law expressly allows it, such as under "fair use" or "fair dealing" doctrine - but only to the extent that the law applicable to you expressly says. For example, most "fair use" doctrines would allow you to use game screenshots in a review article.



3. BEHAVIOUR

You may not, in connection with the Software or related forums, abuse people, including but not limited to by harassing, threatening, deceiving, pirating intellectual property, or spreading illegal material.

If you participate in an official Hevedy discussion forum, or one controlled by Hevedy staff, you are required to follow the rules of that forum as they are written at any particular time you participate there.



4. TERMINATION

We can terminate this EULA if you breach any of the terms. This means that this license and the permission to use the Software can be revoked. This is pretty serious, so please be sure you understand this. It means, for example, that if you distribute the Software to pirates, or break rules on the forum, or break any other rule in this EULA, we can revoke your access to the game with no refund.

You can terminate this EULA at any time by simply uninstalling the Software from all your machines.

If the EULA is terminated, you no longer have any of the rights to the Software given in this license (though you do, of course, retain rights to things you created yourself). Even if this EULA is terminated, provisions in it relating to jurisdiction and dispute resolution remain in force.



5. UPDATES

Hevedy might make updates to the game available from time to time, but isn't obligated to do so. Hevedy also isn't obligated to provide any ongoing support or maintenance for the Software.

We may sell the Software during an 'early access' or 'alpha' or 'beta' release period (or something similar), but this doesn't mean we're obligated to add any particular amount of content or to fix any particular amount of bugs before releasing the game as its final version. We are allowed to declare the Software finished, and cease updates, at any time. Of course, we want to make the game fulfill our vision, and be quite bug-free, but we can't be obligated to do any particular amount of additional work.

Hevedy reserves the right to modify the terms of this EULA from time to time and will post notice of material changes somewhere within our website. These changes will be effective to the extent they can legally apply to you. For example if you use the Software only in single-player mode and don't use the updates we make available, then the old EULA applies. However, if you do use the updates, or use parts of the game that rely on our providing ongoing online services, then the new EULA will apply.



6. GENERAL STUFF

Your local law may give you rights that this EULA cannot change. If so, this EULA applies as far as the law allows.

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of Hevedy. Any lawsuit relating to this agreement must be filed in the jurisdiction of Hevedy.

If you come to us with a suggestion for any one of our websites, games, or other products, that suggestion is made for free and we have no obligation to accept or consider it. This means we can use or not use your suggestion in any way we want and we don't have to pay you for it. If you think you have a suggestion that we would be willing to pay you for, please do not submit your suggestion unless you have first told us you expect to be paid and we have responded in writing by asking you to submit the suggestion.

You are aware and agree that use of the Software and the media on which it is recorded, if any, is at your sole risk. Hevedy expressly disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Hevedy does not warrant that the Software will meet your requirements or desires. You bear the whole risk as to its quality and performance. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.

You hold Hevedy blameless for any harm that may arise from your use of the Software or from actions or inactions of Hevedy in connection with the Software. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation of exclusion may not apply to you.

The software is provided "As is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall Hevedy and it's licensors be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the Software.



7. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

This Game includes the Unreal® Engine code and other code, materials, and information (the “Epic Materials”) from Epic Games, Inc. (“Epic”). All Epic Materials are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, “with all faults” and without warranty of any kind. Hevedy, Epic, and Epic’s affiliates disclaim all warranties, conditions, common law duties, and representations (express, implied, oral, and written) with respect to the Epic Materials, including without limitation all express, implied, and statutory warranties and conditions of any kind, such as title, non-interference with your enjoyment, authority, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness or suitability for any purpose (whether or not Epic knows or has reason to know of any such purpose), system integration, accuracy or completeness, results, reasonable care, workmanlike effort, lack of negligence, and lack of viruses, whether alleged to arise under law, by reason of custom or usage in the trade, or by course of dealing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Hevedy, Epic, and Epic’s affiliates make no warranty that (1) any of the Epic Materials will operate properly, including as integrated in the Game, (2) that the Epic Materials will meet your requirements, (3) that the operation of the Epic Materials will be uninterrupted, bug free, or error free in any or all circumstances, (4) that any defects in the Epic Materials can or will be corrected, (5) that the Epic Materials are or will be in compliance with a platform manufacturer’s rules or requirements, or (6) that a platform manufacturer has approved or will approve this Game, or will not revoke approval of this Game for any or no reason. Any warranty against infringement that may be provided in Section 2-312 of the Uniform Commercial Code or in any other comparable statute is expressly disclaimed by Hevedy and Epic. Hevedy, Epic, and Epic’s affiliates do not guarantee continuous, error-free, virus-free, or secure operation of or access to the Epic Materials. This paragraph will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither Hevedy, Epic, Epic’s licensors, nor its or their affiliates, nor any of Hevedy’s or Epic’s service providers, shall be liable in any way for loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use or inability to use the Epic Materials or otherwise in connection with this EULA, including but not limited to loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure, or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses. In no event will Hevedy, Epic, Epic’s licensors, nor its or their affiliates, nor any of Hevedy’s or Epic’s service providers be liable for any loss of profits or any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages, or any other damages arising out of or in connection with this EULA or the Epic Materials, or the delay or inability to use or lack of functionality of the Epic Materials, even in the event of Hevedy’s, Epic’s, or Epic’s affiliates’ fault, tort (including negligence), strict liability, indemnity, product liability, breach of contract, breach of warranty, or otherwise and even if Hevedy, Epic or Epic’s affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages. These limitations and exclusions regarding damages apply even if any remedy fails to provide adequate compensation.

Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, the liability of Hevedy, Epic, Epic’s licensors, its and their affiliates, and any of Hevedy’s or Epic’s service providers shall be limited to the full extent permitted by law.


